RA#23

Rental Agreement
Rental

Renter Information
Renter : Meadowberook United Church
DL#: 130763713
Emai : Meadowbrookunited@gmail.com
Address: 53 main street, Mandeville p0,
Jamaica

DOB: 05/22/1982
EXP: 05/22/2028
Phone: 18768649557
ZIP Code:

Rental Information
Date out: 12/08/2025
Date due: 12/15/2025
Pickup Location: 168 1/2 Old Hope
Road, Kingston Jamaica
Miles Driven: 0

Vehicle Information
Plate: 0943LN
Brand: Nissan
Vehicle class: Nissan X-Trail

Status: Active
Model: X-Trail
Unit #: 003

Odometer Out: 93000
Fuel Out: 5 / 8

Odometer In:
Fuel In: / 8

Time: 3:35 PM
Time: 6:00 PM
Return Location: 168 1/2 Old Hope
Road, Kingston Jamaica
Miles Allowed: 0

Charge Information
7x Days @ $11,000

$77,000

Total
Payment: Bank Transfer

$77,000
$77,000

Amount Outstanding:

$0.00

Security Deposit:

$20,000

Terms & Conditions
Deﬁnitions. "Agreement" means all terms and conditions in the rental record ("Rental Record") and any additional documents you
sign or we provide at the time of rental, electronically or otherwise. "Renter" means each person signing this Agreement, each
Authorized Driver, and every person or organization to whom charges are billed by us at its or the Renter's direction. "We," "our" or
"us" means [Rental Car Company]. "Authorized Driver" means (a) the Renter; (b) any additional driver listed by us on this Agreement;
and (c) any other person deﬁned as an "authorized driver" under applicable law. Each Authorized Driver must have a valid operator's
license and be at least age 21 (unless otherwise speciﬁed in [applicable law]). "Vehicle" means the automobile or truck identiﬁed in
this Agreement and any vehicle we substitute for it, and all its tires, tools, accessories, equipment, keys and document provided
inside the vehicle at the time of rental. "Physical Damage" means damage to, or loss of, the Vehicle resulting from (but not limited to)
collision, theft, vandalism, acts of nature, riots or other civil disturbances, hail, ﬂood, ﬁre or any other loss not caused by collision.
"Loss of Use" means the loss of our ability to use the Vehicle for our purposes because of Vehicle damage or loss, including, without
limitation, use for rent, display for rent and/or sale, opportunity to upgrade or sell, or transportation of employees. "Diminution of
Value" means the diﬀerence between the fair market value of the Vehicle before damage or loss and its value after repairs as
calculated by a third-party estimate obtained by us or on our behalf. "Charges" means the fees and charges that are incurred under
this Agreement. "Vehicle License Fee," "Vehicle Licensing," "Vehicle License Prop Tax," "Vehicle License Cost Recovery Fee," or
"Motor Vehicle Tax" means a vehicle license cost recovery fee based on our estimated average per day per vehicle portion of our
total annual vehicle licensing, titling, and registration costs or as otherwise defined under applicable law.
1. Rental; Indemnity; Personal Property; Warranties. Only Authorized Drivers may use the Vehicle. Authorized Drivers include only
those individuals named in the Rental Agreement or permitted by state law. We may repossess the Vehicle at your expense without
notice to you if the Vehicle is abandoned or used in violation of law or of this Agreement. You agree to indemnify us, defend us and
hold us harmless from all judgments, claims, liability, costs and attorney fees we incur resulting from, or arising out of, this rental and
your use of the Vehicle or Optional Equipment (as defined below). You release us, our agents and employees from all claims for loss
of or damage to your personal property or that of another person that we received, handled or stored, or that was left or carried in or
on the Vehicle or in any service vehicle or in our oﬃces, whether or not the loss or damage was caused by our negligence or was
otherwise our responsibility. We make no warranties, express, implied or apparent, regarding the Vehicle, no warranty of
merchantability and no warranty that the Vehicle is ﬁt for a particular purpose. In no event shall we be liable to you for any indirect,
special or consequential damages related directly or indirect.ly to any alleged breach by us of this Agreement.
2. Condition and Return of Vehicle. Rental of this vehicle constitutes a "bailment," meaning that the use of the Vehicle is for Renter's
own beneﬁt. The Vehicle must be returned to our rental oﬃce or other location we specify on the date and time noted in this
Agreement and in the same condition received, except for ordinary wear. Our determination of the condition of the Vehicle is
subject to a final inspection for damage(s) which may occur in our facilities after drop off, whether or not the vehicle is checked in by
an employee and whether or not such damage(s) are immediately recognizable or hidden. This also means that if the Vehicle is
returned after closing hours, Renter's responsibility for damages under this Agreement continues until ﬁnal inspection even if the
damage occurred after the vehicle was returned. To extend the rental, Renter must contact our rental oﬃce before the due-in date

listed in this Agreement. All Charges may continue to accrue until the return location opens for business. Service to the Vehicle or
replacement of parts or accessories during the rental must have our prior approval. Renter must check and maintain all ﬂuid levels,
and return the Vehicle with at least the same amount of fuel as when rented.
3. Responsibility for Damage or Loss. Regardless of fault, you are responsible for all damage to, loss of, or theft of the Vehicle during
the rental period resulting from any cause. Subject to the law in the jurisdiction where the Vehicle was rented, your responsibility
will include: (a) physical damage caused by collisions, weather, vandalism, road conditions, acts of nature, and any other cause
resulting in physical damage to the Vehicle: (b) if we determine that the Vehicle is a total loss, the full fair retail market value of the
Vehicle, less salvage; (c) if we determine that the Vehicle is repairable: (A) the diﬀerence between the value of the Vehicle
immediately before the damage and the value immediately after the damage; or (B) the reasonable estimated retail value or actual
cost of repair plus Diminution of Value, meaning the diﬀerence between the fair market value of the Vehicle before damage or loss
and its value after repairs as calculated by a third• party estimate obtained by us or on our behalf; (d) Loss of Use, which shall be
measured by multiplying the daily rental rate noted on this Agreement either by the actual or estimated number of days from the
date the Vehicle is damaged until it is replaced or repaired, which you agree represents a reasonable estimate of Loss of Use
damages and not a penalty. Loss of Use shall be payable regardless of ﬂeet utilization, whether we had other vehicles in our ﬂeet to
rent, the Vehicle would not have been used but for the damage, and regardless of whether we suﬀered lost proﬁts as a result of the
damage; (e) an administrative fee, calculated based on the damage, which you agree is reasonable.
4. Prohibited Uses. The following uses of the Vehicle are prohibited and constitute material breaches of this Agreement. The
Vehicle shall not be used: (a) by anyone who is not an Authorized Driver, or by anyone whose driving license is suspended in any
jurisdiction; (b) by anyone under the inﬂuence of drugs or alcohol; (c) by anyone who obtained the Vehicle or extended the rental by
giving us false, fraudulent or misleading information; (d) in furtherance of any illegal purpose or under any circumstance that would
constitute a felony or other violation of law (other than a minor traﬃc violation); (e) to carry persons or property for hire; (f) to push or
tow anything; (g) in any race, speed test or contest; (h) to teach anyone to drive; (i) to carry dangerous or hazardous items or illegal
materiel; (j) outside the United States (unless that use is speciﬁcally authorized in this Agreement); (k) on unpaved roads; (I) to
transport more persons than the Vehicle has seat belts, or to carry persons outside the passenger compartment; (m) to transport
children without approved child safety seats as required by law; (n) when the odometer has been tampered with or disconnected;
(o) when it is reasonable for you to know that further operation would damage the Vehicle; (p) with inadequately secured cargo; (q)
where applicable, by anyone who lacks experience operating a manual transmission; (r) in connection with a willful, wanton or
reckless act; or (s) by anyone who is sending or reading an electronic message, including text (SMS) messages or emails, while
operating the Vehicle. Smoking in the Vehicle is also prohibited. ANY PROHIBITED USE OF THE VEHICLE VIOLATES THIS
AGREEMENT AND SHALL INVALIDATE ANY COVERAGE PRODUCT (WHERE PERMITTED BY LAW). For purposes of this Agreement,
in addition to any appropriate local statutory deﬁnition, a "willful," "wanton" or "reckless" act shall also include (but not be limited to):
(1) the use of unauthorized equipment on or in the Vehicle; and (2) aiding in the theft of the Vehicle or failing to safeguard the keys
and the Vehicle is stolen or vandalized.
5. Insurance: If you purchase Insurance, subject to the terms of this Agreement, we will waive our right to hold you ﬁnancially
responsible for all or a portion of physical damage to the Vehicle as noted on the Rental Record, including charges such as loss of
use and administrative fees.
6. Responsibility to Others; Handling Accidents/Incidents. You are responsible for all injury, damage, or loss you cause to yourself
and others (including any passengers). We are not responsible for injury or damage you cause to others and will provide no
coverage for any such injury, damage or loss unless required by law, or unless you elect to purchase such coverage at the time of
rental. You agree that it is your responsibility to know and understand what insurance coverage you have or elect to purchase for
this rental. Your liability insurance coverage must provide at least the minimum limits of coverage required by the ﬁnancial
responsibility laws of the state where the loss occurs. If we are required to pay any amount to injured or damaged parties, we
expressly reserve the right to subrogate against you for recovery of such payment(s). You must: (a) report all damage to us and all
accidents to us and the police as soon as you discover them and are safe out of danger; (b) complete our incident report form; and
(C) provide us with a legible copy of any service of process, pleading, or notice of any kind related to an accident or other incident
involving the Vehicle. Any failure by you to report all damage to us by completing an incident report, or to report all accidents (of
any size) to us and to the police as soon as they occur, will be a material breach of this Agreement, and may invalidate optional
coverage products that you elect to purchase. The Vehicle may not be taken into Mexico under any circumstances.
7. Payment; Charges. You permit us to reserve or set aside against your payment card at the time of rental a reasonable amount in
additionto the estimated total charges. We may use the reserve to pay all Charges. We will authorize the release of any excess
reserve or set aside upon the completion of your rental, and your payment card issuer's rules will apply to your credit line or your
account being credited for the excess and may not be immediately released by your card issuer. You will pay us at or before the
conclusion of this rental or upon demand of all Charges, including without limitation: (a) time charge as shown on the Rental Record;
(b) mileage charges, including charges for extra miles, based on the per-mile rate specified on the Rental Record; (c) mileage charge
based on our experience if the odometer is altered; (d) optional product and service fees; (e) fuel and a refueling fee if you return
the Vehicle with less fuel than when rented; (f) applicable taxes, surcharges, airport facility fees, and airport concession recovery
fees; (f) expenses we incur locating and recovering the Vehicle if you fail to return it or if we repossess it under the terms of this
Agreement; (g) costs including pre- and post-judgment attorney fees we incur collecting payment from you or otherwise enforcing
or defending our rights under this Agreement; (h) a reasonable cleaning fee if the Vehicle is returned substantially lessclean than
when rented or with evidence of smoking in the Vehicle; (i) towing, storage charges, forfeitures, court costs, penalties, and all other
costs we incur resulting from your use of the Vehicle; (j) a surcharge if you return the Vehicle to a location other than the location
where you rented the Vehicle or if you do not return it on the date and time due, and you may be charged the standard rates for

each day (or partial day) after the due-in date noted on this Agreement; (k) replacement cost of lost or damaged parts and supplies
used in Features and (l) if applicable, a redemption fee if you present a reward certiﬁcate, coupon or voucher associated with a
loyalty program. All Charges are subject to a ﬁnal audit. If errors are found, you authorize us to correct the Charges with your
payment card issuer.
8. Responsibility for Tolls, Traﬃc Violations, and Other Charges. Responsibility for Tolls, Traﬃc Violations, and Other Charges. You
are responsible for paying charging authorities directly all tolls ("Tolls") and parking citations, photo enforcement fees, ﬁnes for toll
evasion, and other ﬁnes, fees, and penalties (each a "Violation") assessed against you, us or the Vehicle during this rental. If we are
notiﬁed by charging authorities that we may be responsible for payment of a Violation, you authorize us to release your rental and
payment card information to charging authorities or other relevant parties for processing and billing purposes. If we pay a Toll or
Violation, you authorize us to charge all such payments and administrative fees to the payment card you used to pay for this rental.
9. Personal Information; Communications. You agree that we may disclose personally identiﬁable information about you to
applicable law enforcement agencies or to other third parties in connection with our enforcement of our rights under this
Agreement. Questions regarding privacy should be directed to the location where you rented the Vehicle. You agree, in order for us
to service or otherwise administer our account or to recover any amounts you may owe, that we or any assignee or collection
agency of our choosing, may contact you by telephone at any telephone number associated with your account, including wireless
telephone numbers, which could result in additional charges to you. We, our assignee, or any collection agency of our choosing,
may also contact you by sending text messages or e-mails, using any e• mail address you provide to use. Methods of contact may
include using pre-recorded/artificial voice messages and/or use of an automatic dialing device, as applicable.
10. Miscellaneous. No term of this Agreement can be waived or modiﬁed except by a writing that we have signed. This Agreement
constitutes the entire agreement between you and us. All prior representations and agreements between you and us regarding this
rental are void. A waiver by us of any breach of this Agreement is not a waiver of any additional breach or waiver of the
performance of your obligations under this Agreement. Our acceptance of payment from you or our failure, refusal or neglect to
exercise any of our rights under this Agreement does not constitute a waiver of any other provision of this Agreement. You waive all
recourse against us for any criminal reports or prosecutions that we take against you that arise out of your breach of this Agreement.
Unless prohibited by law, you release us from all liability for consequential, special or punitive damages in connection with this
rental or the reservation of a vehicle. This Agreement will be governed by the substantive law of the jurisdiction where the rental
commences, without giving eﬀect to the choice of law rules thereof, and you irrevocably and unconditionally consent and submit
to the nonexclusive jurisdiction of the courts located in that jurisdiction. If any provision of this Agreement is deemed void or
unenforceable, the remaining provisions shall remain valid and enforceable. YOU AND WE EACH IRREVOCABLY WAIVE ALL RIGHT
TO TRIAL BY JURY IN ANY LEGAL PROCEEDING ARISING OUT OF OR RELATING TO THIS AGREEMENT OR THE TRANSACTIONS
CONTEMPLATED UNDER THIS AGREEMENT

Signature
Signed at 12/08/2025 2:32 PM.

